sentence adjustment (#7)
tbartholomaus/uiglaciology: content/1-hardware.md

An important concept is that different computers, like kennicott, can be operated from a different computer.

kennicott can be accessed via a terminal and ssh (including with putty, from a Windows machine), or, alternately it can be mounted via samba to a local computer filesystem. U

> We do most computing on the group server kennicott where we can access eachother's scripts and access group datasets.

Reviewer: can you make a small change 
```suggestion
We do most computing on the group server kennicott where we can access each other's scripts and access group datasets.
```
Added a space to remove a typo
